---
extends: community/_event.html
title: Introduction to data analysis and visualisation in Python using Stencila
date: 2018-08-06
location: 'Signal ICT Grad School'
address: 'Signal ICT, Christchurch'
humandate: 'August 6, 2018' # human-readable dates for the workshop (e.g., "Feb 17-18, 2020")
humantime: '09.00am - 3.00pm' # human-readable times for the workshop (e.g., "9:00 am - 4:30 pm")
notes: 'https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CSCZo94NC2zb-uyoZkABTJQb5nva2DeliEnZurQgqLk/edit?usp=sharing' # optional: URL for the workshop collaborative notes,
registration: # optional:
---

This hands-on workshop will introduce you to data analysis and visualisation in Stencila. If you use or would like to start using Python for your work, this event
is for you! If you already use tools like Jupyter Notebook, RStudio, LaTeX yet your collaborators use different tools, this workshop is for you!

We will use Stencila and Stencila Sheets which comes with interface familiar to that of word
processor and spreadsheet application. At the same time, Stencila is interoperable with the existing tools for data analysis and report writing.

<br/>
<br/>

Stencila is an open source project funded by a [grant from the Sloan Foundation](http://stenci.la/blog/sloan-grant/). We are building a tool which enables researchers collaborate on data analysis using programming languages but not having to give up their tool of choice. During this workshop we would like to collect more user feedback and hear back from you what features you would find most useful.

## Registration

Please register for the event <a href="https://goo.gl/forms/GPutGvTzyTe73ow22"> using this form </a>.

Please, note this event is for SIGNAL students only.

## Schedule

- 09.00am - 09.30am Welcome and introduction
- 09.30am - 10.00am Introduction to Stencila and Stencila Sheets
- 10.00am - 10.30pm Break
- 10.30am - 12.00pm Data analysis with Python
- 12.00pm - 13.00pm Break
- 13.00pm - 14.00pm Data visualisation with Python
- 14.15pm - 14.30pm Break
- 14.30pm - 15.00pm Q&A
