---
extends: community/_event.html
title: Introduction to data analysis and visualisation using Stencila
date: 2018-08-02
location: Harvard University    
address: "Harvard University"      
humandate: "August 2, 2018"    # human-readable dates for the workshop (e.g., "Feb 17-18, 2020")
humantime: "10.00am - 4.00pm"    # human-readable times for the workshop (e.g., "9:00 am - 4:30 pm")
notes: "https://docs.google.com/document/d/12bKK8r8bktacTnINboGxp5o3bXZefx4Os3aB4iO6xNU/edit"         # optional: URL for the workshop collaborative notes,
registration:           # optional:
---

This hands-on workshop will introduce you to data analysis and visualisation in Stencila. If you use or would like to start using R, Python or SQL for your work, this event
is for you! If you already use tools like Jupyter Notebook, RStudio, LaTeX yet your collaborators use different tools, this workshop is for you!

We will use  Stencila and Stencila Sheets which comes with interface familiar to that of word
processor and spreadsheet application. At the same time, Stencila is interoperable with the existing tools for reproducible research.

This video is a short demonstration of a simple example using R in Stencila Sheets:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/yeG9msYKSXg" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<br/>
<br/>

Stencila is an open source project funded by a [grant from the Sloan Foundation](http://stenci.la/blog/sloan-grant/). We are building a tool which enables researchers collaborate on data analysis using programming languages but not having to give up their tool of choice. During this workshop we would like to collect more user feedback and hear back from you what features you would find most useful.

## Registration

Please register for the event  <a href="https://goo.gl/forms/2sQDeWdWhyKb8K2V2"> using this form </a>.

Please, note this event is for Harvard University staff and students.

## Schedule

* 10.00am - 11.00am Introduction to Stencila and Stencila Sheets
* 11.00am - 11.30am Working in Stencila Hub
* 11.30am - 12.30pm Data analysis with Python, R, SQL in Stencila
* 12.30pm - 13.30pm Break
* 13.30pm - 15.00pm Data visualisation in R and Python
* 15.00pm - 15.30pm Break
* 15.30pm - 16.00pm Q&A
